Codepen Link: https://codepen.io/JuanR_/pen/qBdxdjQ?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that introduces meaning to the web page
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Used to create electronic documents
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Specified in the start tag, and adds additional characteristics/properties
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The H1 tag is usually meant for the main title of the page, should only use it once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Input and Select
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The Header tag
    7. What is an id? 
It is a tag that can only be used once to identify a certain container
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Div elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
You can only use an id once
    10. What is a class? 
An attribute tag that specifies multiple containers on a page
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Div elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
You can use it as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Add target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
Used for in case an image doesn't load, it can still be able to describe what the picture is.
    15. How do I reference an id?
#id_name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section means the content inside are grouped, while div is essentially the group of contents inside of a section
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to give the webpage the style 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
You simply call the element--> h2{

}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class can be used multiple times, for example multiple titles in a certain section, while an ID is used for one specific part of the page which can be the main title
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.className{

}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{

}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
A parent child selector lets you get more specific in what element you're choosing
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
sidebar:link{

}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? 
used to select a special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-spacing: #;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter-spacing: #;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transformation: (uppercase, lowercase, capitalize)
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
divClass{
border-style: dotted;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
Using the Universal Selector (*)
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Rm fileName You also have to be careful with this because doing this will permanently remove the file without warning and no way to get it back
    34. Why should I use version control? 
It allows you to work on your code without disrupting the main code being used and you're able to push changes whenever
    35. How often should I commit to github?
You should commit whenever you finish a step/feature you're working on.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
-Fork your own version of Repository
	-name should be in front of '/'
-Add TL to the forked repo
	-Settings>Collaborators>Add Collaborator
-Clone repository
	-copy the link
-Inside terminal use cd (change directory command) to go to the directory (folder) where you will need the repository I
-type in git clone <repositoryLINK>
-cd into new repository
-Create new branch with git checkout -b <branch-name>
(Make any changes in the branch like new files or whatever is needed)
-Add and commit new changes locally to the repo
	-git add .
	-git commit -m "message here"
-Push changes to the GitHub repo
	-git push -u origin <branch-name>
-Submit a new Pull Request
	-on your GitHub repository go to where it says branch:master and change it to your new branch name
-Change Repository from original to compare the new changes to your own master branch
-Add TL as a Reviewer and finally submit the pull request

STRETCH Questions
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
An inline element does not create a new line while block elements will
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
That means the element's position is in a fixed position
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Block: div header section
Inline: span anchor
Inline-block: nav
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
Consists of content inside a padding, border, and margin. Basically what wrap arounds every html element. The fix for the box model would simply adding the box-sizing: border-box;